so I'm continuing this is another head
that i strung this week this is for an
older guy that I play with on some
pickup games and he had a Pete up
probably from over 10 years ago 15 years
in it and it finally ripped through he
plays defenses and hold the ball that
much but uh his Peter finally ripped
through so he wanted a new one just like
the old his old one so pretty much I
gave him the same exact specs that he
had in this really awesome old forest
green Brian head and it looks a little
crooked because the heads a little bit
crooked from smoking shacks I tried to
straighten it out as best as I could but
uh it's a really simple defensive had
that mid to low pocket it looks really
shallow just because the head so wide
and so thick if you can see all it
actually has good ball placement just
needs to be broken in a little bit and
slew this release I think of any sick
I've ever strung in my life because it's
such a low pocket it's actually not even
offset penance before they invented
offset which is this you guys don't know
see how this head curves down this one's
straight across this is one of the
original plastic heads I believe and so
he's had it forever since he played in
college which had to be 15 to 20 years
ago and kreiling with it I don't know if
you ever have its really really awkward
because when the ball drops down it
gives a little bit one weight so it's
easier done to cradle with but uh it's
pretty much what he wanted um I think he
whited went to Loyola or something so he
I gave him the gray and the black with
the white on the forest green which i
think is really awesome I was going to
put poor screen shooters in it but the
colors were just kind of weird so I just
decided to go with classic white he's
actually going to put this on a woody on
what ed pull and hopefully I'll try and
get a picture of it today because I
think it's going to look pretty awesome
on a woody yep pretty simple um yet
again a little bit looser just because
their side will hold if of the old sauce
really far apart no sad or anything low
pocket
or straight to just give them that
release you should be able to throw this
easily a hundred your hearts and he
wants to clear it it's pretty straight
forward i have never strong had this old
so that was that was fun and it was nice
to clean it up forms a really nice guy
and yeah so I don't know some of you
guys may be have never seen it I don't
know the name of it I just know it's a
brian head there's no markings in the
name or anything it was probably
definitely was made before i started
playing the game and that was pretty a
long time ago but if you ever have a
chance pick these things up because they
don't make them like this anymore and
they're pretty entertaining to uh to
play around with and yep that's not